This file documents the internal format for world traces. This format
is used to interface between the simulator and the vizualisation driver. 

The format is text and line based. It consists of three types of lines:

	The world map: This is dumped at the beginning of the file. 
           The format is the same as in the ICFP specification.
	   There is no end-of-world delimiter since the ending is 
           determined by the number of lines. 
 
        The ant actions: these describe the actions of the ants 
           (movement, turn, pickup food and so on). 

        Comments: These are used for various purposes, see below.


Each ant is identified by two numbers: 

	A colony: this is 0 for red team, 1 for black team
	An id: this is unique for each ant of one team and starts at 0

Note that the vizualisation driver is not limited to two teams, so
in theory there could be any number of teams batteling. 

Each line consists of four items separated by spaces:

<colony> <id> <action> <new-state>

Action is a string consisting of two characters. The following are defined:

	mf .. move forward
	tl .. turn left
	tr .. turn right
	pf .. pickup food 
	df .. drop food
	sn .. set marker #n where n is one of 0-5 (example s3 clears marker #3) 
	cn .. clear marker #n where n is one of 0-5 (example c3 clears marker #3)

new-state is a number that represents the ant's new state in the state machine. It is used for debugging purposes. 

Example: 

0 0 mf 1  # First ant of red team moves forward and changes to state 1
1 0 s2 2  # First ant of black team sets marker #2 and changes to state 2

Everything after '#' is ignored, unless the '#' is the first character 
in the line. A '#' alone on a line is used to indicate that one round is 
over. In the vizualisation one can step forward and backward roundwise, 
or just one step at a time.

All other lines starting with a # are used for the simulator
or a higher level program (such as the state machine compiler) to 
communicate directly with the output driver. For example, the meaning of
the markers can be passed to a graphical output driver to enable the
state machine coders to use specific colors for different marker values. 

Comments are also used for restoring an intermediate world state. 

To be defined. Should be possible to conveniently set food at position, 
set markers at position and make ants 'jump' to their current state. 


The vizualisation driver maintains a history of the world trace, which allows
the user to interactively move steps forward and backward to analyse 
the trace.   


